docs(v2): add documentation about importing code files (#4974)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/guides/markdown-features/markdown-features-react.mdx

:::

## Importing code snippets {#importing-code-snippets}

You can not only import a file containing a component definition, but also import any code file as raw text, and then insert it in a code block, thanks to [Webpack raw-loader](https://webpack.js.org/loaders/raw-loader/).

```jsx title="myMarkdownFile.mdx"
import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import MyComponentSource from '!!raw-loader!./myComponent';

<CodeBlock className="language-jsx">{MyComponentSource}</CodeBlock>;
```

import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import MyComponentSource from '!!raw-loader!@site/src/pages/examples/_myComponent';

<BrowserWindow url="http://localhost:3000">

<CodeBlock className="language-jsx">{MyComponentSource}</CodeBlock>

</BrowserWindow>

<br />

:::note

You have to use `<CodeBlock>` rather than the Markdown triple-backtick ` ``` `, because the latter will ship out any of its content as-is, but you want JSX to insert the imported text here.

> :::

Reviewer: can you add a warning here and mention that this is experimental and API breaking changes are expected on this

we'll replace raw loader by https://webpack.js.org/guides/asset-modules/#replacing-inline-loader-syntax

Author: Sure, will work on this in a moment

Author: > we'll replace raw loader by https://webpack.js.org/guides/asset-modules/#replacing-inline-loader-syntax

Should I change my demo case in the documentation, or is this just a plan?

Reviewer: we don't support `?raw` syntax yet so we'll document it once we support it, for now you can keep documenting `raw-loader` usage

Author: Should I add a warning then, or should we just keep it in mind and come back once the support is in place?

:::

:::warning

> The `className="language-jsx"` prop is experimental and might be subject to breaking API changes in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is experimental and might be subject to API breaking changes in the future.
```
